---
title: "Automatic PRs"
---

There are a number of processes which automatically open PRs. This page discusses these, and how to handle them.

## General Information

### How it works

An action gets kicked off, usually when `main` is merged to, and that action attempts to run some "fixup" process.
If the fixup produces any output, then the changes are pushed to a branch under the `auto/...` branches tree.
if the changes are already present, the process skips the push, otherwise the changes are force-pushed to the auto/... branch.
Finally, if a PR isn't already opened, one is opened.

### Automatic label

Automatic PRs are opened with the label [Automatic](https://github.com/unicode-org/cldr/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3Aautomatic) which can be used to locate them.

### Running Tests

At present, automatic PRs do not automatically trigger builds.
If you encounter an automatic PR. please **close and re-open it** which will cause the build to start.

### Verify

As these PRs are generated by machine, please review them carefully before merging.

### Tickets

Presently, the PRs are generated using the Jira ticket ID of the last commit which caused the change to be necessary.
Check the ticket ID carefully, if it's unrelated, you can edit the PR and then squash the branch to fix the ticket ID.
Also, if more than one ticket caused a change, it is possible that the PR title can get out of sync with the commits.

### Merging

If the changes are good, go ahead and merge them.  Delete the branch when merging, so that the process can tell that the merge happened.

### Stale PRs

Currently, the process does NOT automatically close the auto PRs if they become irrelevant. Feel free to close a PR that is no longer correct— it will be recreated if a new commit is pushed to main which again necessitates a change.

## Auto Processes

### CLDRModify

Source: <https://github.com/unicode-org/cldr/blob/main/.github/workflows/cldr-modify.yml>

This process runs CLDRModify against several directories.
Search for "CLDRModify passes here" in the .yml file to update.

### SpecFix

Source: <https://github.com/unicode-org/cldr/blob/main/.github/workflows/spec.yml>

This runs as part of the TR35 spec build.
It updates the Tables of Contents, updates the calculated link anchors (for reference), and also makes other corrections to spec links.
