# constructed line for modify_config.txt file
# red fixes from spreadsheet
locale=brx ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ja ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=ur ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ja ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=as ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=doi ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=gu ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=hi ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=hi_Latn ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=kn ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=kok ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=ks ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=ks_Deva ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=mai ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=ml ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=mni ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=mr ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=my ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=ne ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=or ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=pa ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=pcm ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=sa ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=sd ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=sd_Deva ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=te ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh
locale=ti ; action=add ; new_path=//ldml/personNames/nameOrderLocales[@order="surnameFirst"]; new_value=ko si ta te vi yue zh